Listener for response to user permission request
Limits the given <b>number<b> between the other values
Limits the given <b>number<b> between the other values
Returns the largest integer less than or equal to the specified float. This method will only properly floor floats from
Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to the specified float. This method will only properly ceil floats from
Transforms (0,1,2,2,3) to (0,1,2,3)
Transforms (0, 4, 4, 6, 6, 6, 3) into (0, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 3)
Return true if already contains the described PagePart
Add part if it doesn't exist, recycle bitmap otherwise
When whole page is visible
When only part of one page is visible
When only end of page is visible
If only start of the page is visible
Call after view size change to recalculate page sizes, offsets and document length
get page size with biggest dimension (width in vertical mode and height in horizontal mode)
Get the page's height if swiping vertical, or width if swiping horizontal.
Get primary page offset, that is Y for vertical scroll and X for horizontal scroll
Get secondary page offset, that is X for vertical scroll and Y for horizontal scroll
Given the UserPage number, this method restrict it
Construct the initial view
Go to the given page.
Get current position as ratio of document length to visible area.
progress   must be between 0 and 1
Handle fling animation
Draw a given PagePart on the canvas
Load all the parts around the center of the screen,
Called when the PDF is loaded
Called when a rendering task is over and
Move to the given X and Y offsets, but check them ahead of time
Animate to the nearest snapping position for the current SnapPolicy
Find the edge to snap to when showing the specified page
Get the offset to move to in order to snap to the page
 true if single page fills the entire screen in the scrolling direction
Move relatively to the current position.
Change the zoom level
Change the zoom level, relatively to a pivot point.
@see #zoomCenteredTo(float,PointF)
Checks if whole document can be displayed on screen, doesn't include zoom
Get page number at given offset
Returns null if document is not loaded
Will be empty until document is loaded
Will be empty until document is loaded
Use an asset file as the pdf source
Use a file as the pdf source
Use URI as the pdf source, for use with content providers
Use bytearray as the pdf source, documents is not saved
Use stream as the pdf source. Stream will be written to bytearray, because native code does not support Java Streams
Use custom source as pdf source
Called when the user has a tap gesture, before processing scroll handle toggling
Called when the user has a long tap gesture, before processing scroll handle toggling
Called if error occurred while opening PDF
Called if error occurred while loading PDF page
Called when the user use swipe to change page
Called on every move while scrolling
Called only once, when document is rendered
Called when the PDF is loaded
This method is called when the PDFView is
Used to move the handle, called internally by PDFView
Method called by PDFView after setting scroll handle.
Method called by PDFView when handle should be removed from layout
Set page number displayed on handle
Get handle visibility
Show handle
Hide handle immediately
Hide handle after some time (defined by implementation)
size text size in dp
Called when link was tapped by user
notify
stop notify
notify setting
indicate
stop indicate
indicate setting
write
read
rssi
set mtu
notify
indicate
write
read
rssi
set mtu
Get the Context
Get the BluetoothManager
Get the BluetoothAdapter
get the ScanRuleConfig
Get the multiple Bluetooth Controller
Configure scan and connection properties
Get the maximum number of connections
Set the maximum number of connections
Get operate timeout
Set operate timeout
Get connect retry count
Get connect retry interval
Set connect retry count and interval
Set connect retry count and interval
Get operate split Write Num
Set split Writ eNum
Get operate connect Over Time
Set connect Over Time
print log?
scan device around
scan device then connect
connect a known device
connect a device through its mac without scan,whether or not it has been connected
Cancel scan
notify
indicate
stop notify, remove callback
stop indicate, remove callback
write
write
read
read Rssi
set Mtu
is support ble?
Open bluetooth
Disable bluetooth
judge Bluetooth is enable
bleDevice
Parses a serialized trie representation of a map of reversed public suffixes into an immutable
Parses a trie node and returns the number of characters consumed.
Parses a serialized trie representation of a map of reversed public suffixes into an immutable
Parses a trie node and returns the number of characters consumed.
Returns the smallest power of two greater than or equal to  x. This is equivalent to BigInteger.valueOf(2).pow(log2(x, CEILING)).
Returns the largest power of two less than or equal to  x. This is equivalent to BigInteger.valueOf(2).pow(log2(x, FLOOR)).
Returns  true if  x represents a power of two.
Returns the base-2 logarithm of  x, rounded according to the specified rounding mode.
Returns the base-10 logarithm of  x, rounded according to the specified rounding mode.
Returns the square root of  x, rounded with the specified rounding mode.
Returns the result of dividing  p by  q, rounding using the specified RoundingMode.
Returns  n!, that is, the product of the first  n positive integers, or  1if  n == 0.
Returns  n choose  k, also known as the binomial coefficient of  n and k, that is,  n!  (k! (n - k)!).
Internal constructor. Users should use  PairedStatsAccumulator#snapshot.
Returns the number of pairs in the dataset.
Returns the statistics on the  x values alone.
Returns the statistics on the  y values alone.
Returns